# Final-Project
Final Project For Drawing On The Web

For the project I was inspired by the art history class I am currently taking, and we are mostly focusing on pop art. And all of the artists and paintings we've studyied really tie into this class, in terms of the dynamic colors, and animation potential. In lecture, we aren't just learning about the features of the art, but their history; and the main thing lacking in the art works themselves is that histroy and significance behind it. That's what I want to do with this project, to add a life (mkae them alive in some sense) or siginificance back to the art that people might not realize when just looking at the art. I want to play with perspective and have the user look at the art and the web page differently, not necessarily how we normally do. 

The cover page I want to make a 3D gallery using webGL and probably make a few people standing/scattered around the field. On the walls will be random art works, and the viewer will be able to observe by scrolling with their mouse to change the camera's perspective. I will choose three specific  art works that will be on the walls, and when the mouse hovers over them, they will scale up a bit to let the user know that they link to other pages. 

The first will be Andy Warhol's depiction of Marilyn Monroe. The image I chose was of the art work on view in a gallery and a woman being the spectator sitting in front of it. When the user hovers/clicks on the painting the web page will zoom in on one Marilyn (I picked the top right because I liked how you can see the details of her face more and the way the colors play with each other). When it zooms in the user will see that Marilyn is crying, I will animate the tear drops with css and javascript and I want to blend them in with css to make them look 'natural', the tears will roll off the page ending the animation. The tears are because Warhol painted a series of Marilyns after hre death, so an homage, he was really afected and inspired by this event. And when the user moves the cursor away the image will resize back to its original dimensions and now we can see puddles of tear drops accumulating on the floor, which I want to blend with css too.

The second will be Roy Lichtenstein's 'I Can See the Whole Room...and There's Nobody in It!'. For this I want to make a scene using webGL. When the page loads the user will first see a blank black page and after some time the black peep hole will roll up (using css animations to translate and rotat it) to reveal the man and I will use javascript to at the same time write the text in the thought bubble. The user will also have the ability to rotate the web page to reveal the opposite side of the scene which will be an empty (which is what the painting is about). By empty I mean no people there, but I want to create a living room with some furniture there and set a very faint light to be able to see them, otherwise I want to background of the scene and the floor to be black.

The third will be a photography of Claes Oldenburg's sculpture of a spoon and cherry. With this one I want to animate te cherry somehow; possible make it roll out onto the page and onto the spoon into its position. And then using maybe svg to draw on the cherry stem when the animation end, and controlling this using javascript. I'm not sure what else I can do more with this one (I might add something else but this the core of my page), I had some difficulty choosing a third artwork that I could incorporate animations into. 
